All right.
So now there's the toile we're going to create the whole simulation ourselves.
So first of all let's get back to simulation slight I remind that we have nine strategies and each of
them is supposed to have a conversion rate.
This tragen has a 5 percent conversion rate strategy do has a 13 percent conversion rate.
And of course the higher is the conversion rate the better is a strategy because the conversion rate
is exactly the average rate of customers that are expected to be converted.
That is to subscribe to the premium plan over a certain number of rounds.
So for example here strategy 9 that has a 1 percent conversion rate is the worst strategy and the best
strategy of them Strategy number 7 because it has a 20 percent conversion rate meaning that it is expecting
to convert 20 percent of the customers of the online retail business and therefore that will maximize
the revenues because each of these converted customers will pay a certain amount of money per month
per year like let's say $100 per year.
And so if you convert the maximum customers with this best charge here well you will maximize the revenues
coming from this revenue stream.
So that's why we have to figure it out.
Strategy number 7 and now the most important thing about dissimilation is to understand that this is
only what we know behind the scenes.
But of course the Tompson sampling algorithm or you know each of the strategy team in the real life
situation has no clue of what their conversion rates are.
They will have a clue by the end of the experiment of course because they will only have to compute
the number of successes divided by the number of rounds.
But the goal also is to find the best strategy and a minimum number of rounds because the more rounds
you do the more costly it is for the business.
So thats why we have to find a strategy you know an algorithm that will find that best ad with the highest
conversion rate the quickest as possible.
That is with the minimum number of rounds and thats exactly what Thompson sampling will do.
So keep in mind this is only what we have behind the scene in real life.
We have no clue of what these conversions rates are and now we are going to make the simulation those
were going to create a array of the 10000 rounds that is 10000 customers there are going to connect
to the Web site one after the other and for each of them based on the conversion rate will simulate
which strategy would convert them into the subscription.
So let's do this let's go back to Python and let's create the simulation that is let's create this big
array of the 10000 rounds in rows and the nine strategies in columns.
So first before introducing this array will gather the conversion rates as we have them in the slides.
So we're going to put them into a list where each element of this list will respond to each of the nine
strategies.
So let's start with the first conversion rate.
The first one is 0.05.
That's exactly what will enter here 0.05 as the first conversion rate then let's get the second one
0.13 0.13 for the second strategy then 0.09 0.09 for the third strategy then 0.16 for the fourth one
or point sixteen then or point eleven for the fifth one.
So by the way the this one has a pretty good strategy not the best one but the second best one.
And then all point 11 write for the for Strategy number five then Strategy number six has a 4 percent
conversion rate.
So 0.04 then Strategy number 7 is the best one with an old phone.
Twenty conversion rate and then 0.08 and 0.01 for the last ones the last two ones are point 0 8 and
0 point 0 1.
All right so we have our conversion rates for our 9 strategies.
And now let's simulate the conversions over 10000 rounds.
That is we're going to simulate the fact that we're going to ask each of these users connecting one
after the other to the online retail business web site and we'll simulate whether they convert that
subscribes to premium plan based on these conversion rates and I'll show you how to do this.
And in fact that's something we already did before in case study number two.
We already used that trick of the Bernoulli distribution.
So let's do this.
I'm going to introduce this whole array of the ten thousand rounds in rows and the nine strategies and
columns as X..
All right.
And then as we said it's going to be a nun by Array.
So I'm getting the array function.
By and by.
And then inside.
Well first we're going to initialize it with plenty of zeroes you know only zeroes because you know
most of the cells will have zeroes and they will only get one when we have a conversion.
So anyway let's initialize all the cells as zeros and let's replace the cells by 1 when we get a conversion
and to initialize an array with only zeroes you know how to do this.
You get first name by and then from them by you call the zeros function the zeros function that takes
one argument which is the dimensions in brackets.
And you know the dimensions of this array.
Well we'll have and that is 10000 number of rows because the rows correspond to the round and we'll
have d that is nine columns because the columns correspond to the strategies and that's it.
Our array is well initialized.
All right.
Good.
And now time to populate it with the right values.
So first of all can you guess what we're about to do right now.
Natural next step here is of course to Megaforce up.
And actually we're going to make two for loops because we have to loop over the rows you know we want
to populate each of the rows correctly and then we'll have to loop once again over the columns because
in each of these rows we'll go over each one of the columns and we'll update the right value for each
of these columns.
So let's start with the first for loop looping over all the rows of the X array.
And so I'm going to introduce the first looping variable here I naturally and then in range you know
how to do it.
And remember we only have to put the upper bound which is the total number of rows in the array and
that is an OK.
So now we're looping over all the rows of the array.
Good.
And now that we enter the loop that means that we are dealing with a specific row you know.
So at first we're going to deal with the first row of the array.
Then I will be incremented by 1 and we'll deal with the second row.
But here in the loop we're dealing with a specific row and therefore this specific row.
Well what we have to do now is to loop once again over the columns.
So I'm introducing another looping variable J year that is going to take the values in the range going
from zero the default lower bound to Z because we have nine columns each column corresponding to each
of the nine strategies.
All right perfect.
And now we're dealing with a specific row and specific column that is we're dealing with a specific
cell.
And what are we going to do in that specific cell.
Well let's ask the question that specific cell.
What does it correspond to.
Well it corresponds to a strategy one of our nine strategies that was selected for a specific user that
is at a specific route and remember for this strategy selected.
Well what we want to implement in this X matrix is whether or not this strategy is selected converted
this specific user that is in this specific realm to the premium plan that is whether or not the customers
subscribe to the premium plan if that specific customer you know in that specific group subscribed with
the specific strategy that is in the specific column.
Well the cell gets one otherwise it keeps it initialized value 0 and that's exactly what we must do
here.
But then how are we going to simulate the fact that we get either a zero or a one you over that specific
strategy at that specific round.
Well that's where the burningly distribution comes into play.